Charged Particle Radiography: Detector Stacks (#1274)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/1134.breaking.2.rst

> Added the ``save_results()`` function to `~plasmapy.diagnostics.charged_particle_radiograph.Tracker` to save results to a `numpy.npz` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the `~plasmapy.diagnostics.charged_particle_radiography.Tracker.save_results` method to `~plasmapy.diagnostics.charged_particle_radiography.Tracker` to save results to a NumPy file:`.npz` file.
```

> ``synthetic_radiograph`` is now a separate function in the `~plasmapy.diagnostics.charged_particle_radiograph` module that takes either a ``Tracker`` object or a result dictionary as an argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`~plasmapy.diagnostics.charged_particle_radiography.synthetic_radiograph` is now a separate
function in the `~plasmapy.diagnostics.charged_particle_radiography` module that takes either a
`~plasmapy.diagnostics.charged_particle_radiography.Tracker` object or a result dictionary as an
argument.
```
